docs show binding for Telescope grep (#341)
LunarVim/lunarvim.org: docs/03-keybind-overview.md

| `<leader>`          | [whichkey](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim) (keybinds popup (shows up after 1s)) | normal |
| `<leader>e`         | [nvimtree](https://github.com/nvim-tree/nvim-tree.lua) (side file explorer)              | normal |

> | `<leader>f`         | [telescope](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim) (find files)               | normal |
> | `<leader>st`        | [telescope](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim) (grep)                     | normal |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `<leader>f`  `<leader>s`(menu) | [telescope](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim) (find files, grep text, and more)               | normal |

maybe something more like this? I don't want this list to become a copy of whichkey
```

Author: > maybe something more like this? I don't want this list to become a copy of whichkey

I think that's a fair balance @LostNeophyte; gives newbies access to the basics to get started without making the documentation too verbose.
